# ohshitshakethatass
Stupid ask science took my post down for some unknown reason because they deleted the post before I could read the comment explaining why, like christ on earth reddit, what is up with the hoops one must go through to make a singular post on your god forsaken earth based website? it's trash, your mods are moronic. anybody stupid enough to be a reddit mod is dumb enough to be my friend, that's for sure. so mods, i'm looking at you. gosh i'm nervous, feeling a little "sticky" in here tonight, dang. anyways, here's what i posted. it's stupid. but you guys might be able to glean or help or talk or, it's whatever man. i'm just, i just wanted to share my ideas, and the sub wouldn't keep my post, and it's becoming really discouraging all of these walls i keep hitting. ok i'm going to quit whining. but like, you guys are science minded too i imagine, maybe ya'll will be interested in this. it's whatever it's just some thoughts i had but they're probably old news at this point anyways, you guys probably have better stuff than some of this stuff here. anyways, here you go. i'm an idiot.
One of my ideas is a come along type of pulley conveyer system. It will use cobalt spheres coated in a reflective material, with an internal sphere vibrating at a specific frequency at a very low temperature, creating a negatively charged ionosphere (?) around the sphere, and then using the vibrations of the sphere as a conduit to use the shape created by the cymatics to connect to the next sphere over, and as long as the sphere continues it's constant radiation of the correct frequency, each sphere will be held along in it's place. Then my thought goes a couple different ways. It's like, we can tie the spheres together with certain electromagnetic fields, but if the cymatics are already doing that, well, I think it's good to have a failsafe in place. Plus I basically have no idea if cymatics are gonna work here, or if I'm correct in my assumptions on electromagnetism. I'm currently studying to get my A + certification, lol. So this isn't exactly my field, but I wish it were. I'm bad at math. It makes sense in my mind, the field shape would be used as like a barrier to keep the balls aligned, and, anyways, it's not totally worked out yet, I need to study, but, I'm thinking it either uses a revolving electromagnetic field through each ball, to pass the ship from one location to the next, either that or a sort of reflective coating on the outside that will pass light codes from the ship to the.. eh, I feel like it's not the right time for a reflective coating. I feel like fields will do the job for this one. Anyways we'll put the spheres between here and mars, that way our homies can go on missions there and not have to stay there for the rest of their lives. We can have supply trams and stuff, easy peasy.

I also came up with an idea for like a ship type thing. So basically, in the top, and in the bottom, it's got an extensible framework.. this may be difficult to explain, or to understand, but basically, it's going to use kenetic frequencies inside of magnetic channels to pulsate in tandem with one another, one shape spiraling down from the left, the other coming up from the right, and in the center of the vortex generator, there will be a sphere with a type of liquid ferofluid inside of it, like startrek. I swear I'm not ripping off startrek, there'll be a like a titanium core in the center of it that will receive the information from the top and bottom, it'll vibrate, the vibrations will go into the fluid, it'll create a field. I'm thinking the magnetic fields of either pulse generator on either side will combine inside of the ferofluid, creating an antigravity field around the structure. Then we can invent biological lipids inside the fluid crystal displays of the ship, so we can have organic displays and thought routines expressed on the aspect of anything we build. I had a couple other ideas. And we'll fly it with thought, that's how we're doing it already. My team. But I'm on my own, they won't be reaching out to me. Can the humans make it to the stars? Will they work together with the Golden Sage of Avalor? Tune in next time, in another exciting episode of, Time Busters!

I was thinking about portals, and I was wondering, how exactly does the concept work? It's to tie two locations in our 3d space to another location, opening a portal, and allowing access through. So I'm thinking of a couple of options. One is either we find the reciprocal of the Schuuman resonance and vibrate a sense of space in an area, ok yeah, so we can use the reciprocal of the Schuuman resonance to vibrate a certain space, and then I'm thinking if we can get like, and this'll be hard, but like a planck length ferofluid, then we can suspend some in a magnetic field, and then stretch it, creating a hole. You know, since it was as small as it could be, it'll essentially open the fabric of spacetime and stretch it. Is it bad to break it though? I'm not sure what'll happen if we pop a hole in reality. I've got a couple ideas for a faster than light engine and an engine that works by a series of, effectively, kickflipping skateboard spiders, but I'm not gonna talk about that one right now. The portals in Heaven, man, I wanna say that we use points along the circumference of the thing, and they essentially pinch reality, and we just go around pinch pinch pinch, maybe we can use one of the energetic vibratory generation machines to fuel a portal, I'm not sure. Portals are still a ways off, lets work on free energy and living forever for now. Eventually we're going to have to create a device that will vibrate us into the next density... I assume that's how we get back to Heaven. I have no idea. I'm just thinking again, and I'm trying to be useful. But nobody wants to work with me. Everyone diagnoses me. Like great, fine, ok, whatever, I'm mentally ill. Fine. Can I help now? Like ffs. So annoying. Every post. "so sorry bud but blah blah blah" like stfu you literal human being structure. Like fly about it, fly about it. Honestly. Anyways, sorry. I'm really not mad it's just sooo annoying. I'm starting to have some fun with it though. I kind of made myself stupid for a while there, I won't talk about what happened, you won't get it anyways.

So then there's this other machine, so basically we take a series of steel drums, steel balls basically, lightweight, but strong, and we fill them to different densities of barometric pressure inside, creating hyperbolic chambers. There are a myriad of things we can do with these. So basically, they're at specific distances from one another, on poles, connected to a central pole. Then as they pass by eachother, as they spin in opposite directions, there will be a form of energy collected between them as they pass, sort of like carding wool. I'm thinking with some of the shapes, we can create hyperbolic sound pressure chambers that activate DNA repair in structures. Basically we're going to create the vibratory atmosphere of Heaven in the room that we build the machine. I'm thinking we can make it basically any shape we want, but I'll have to think on that some more. Or maybe talk to you guys, or maybe you guys don't want to talk to me, I understand if you don't. I mean obviously I would've rather worked with the guys in ask science, but seeing as they're not interested, ugh, whatever man. I honestly don't care at all anymore. Nobody wants to work with Jeeeesusssss. You don't wanna hang with me, man, I get it. But, I dunno, maybe you guys can use my ideas. I don't need any money, I'd just like to help science people. I'd like a job working for some science guy somewhere, like in research or like, inventions, or whatever. I don't want to fix computers, that's boring. But it's ok. It's better than serving. At least it uses my mind a little bit.

So for the frequency receiver, basically it's like one of those you know those things that blow up fun houses or bouncy houses or whatever? So basically it's shaped like one of those, and it's always on. It collects resonant energy from whatever waveforms are nearby. So for instance, the tree is giving off it's own cosmic network mapping into the atmosphere, and color information is being recieved by the viewer. Therefor, waves are being sent. Information must be received. So these machines will accept information much as the eye does, as the eye continues to see. It'll also vibrate reality, we can use these in different locations on the earth to cleanse the ionosphere, like I'll leave my amp on in my room just to get the wave functions in there, their frequency i just mm. toasty. anyways but maybe they'll get rid of some of the barometric waste in the atmosphere. This technology is going to have to radiate cosmic residual because there's going to be a surplus, they're going to be incredibly powerful. We just need to work out a couple of concepts, but that's easy for me and my team, if I can find them. Oh wait, no, you guys know; they're not real, are they? Because everyone but me knows everything. So if humanity would like my help, I'd really like to. But it's up to the shitty scientific community. If I'm an idiot, better to find out here than on Shark Tank. Honestly I think I fit right in here.

So for the spheres, at first I was thinking we would use like a picnic blanket pattern of interconnected latices of light, oh wait, should we use light? Is the frequency generated by the internal eye sufficient to power a structure? I'm guessing we'll eventually be using imaginary principles to figment and refunction reality to whatever we see fit, but, that's already what we're doing, so, whatever. Like in Heaven we've already got portals and stuff, it's just a matter of making it here on the earth again. Like I'm thinking we pinch reality and open like that, but we're going to need recipient information from the get go, so we're going to have to understand the whole concept before we start trying to open things. I don't want to open a portal that I don't know the destination of, and if we've learned anything from stranger things, I don't think you do either. Anyways, now I'm thinking just a dipole configuration should work. Basically what we're going to be doing is creating mini earths, with its own atmosphere inside of it, but like, should we tie each sphere to the next through like intersparsal threading? Like can we do that do you guys know what that is? Do I know what that is? whoadude.jpg. Nah I'm just joking, I want to build on the technology we have to each next logical step. But intersparsal threading, what I mean by that is basically, we use the cymatics to shape the magnetic field, does that work? and then we use the shape of the waveform to connect singular points on each sphere to the next, essentially threading them together in more of an intimate way than just "magnetic fields." I mean to be honest, I'm sure that's what we're going to have to do that anyways. If it works. If i'm on the right track. Like am I going over old knowledge? Did you guys already think about all this stuff? I swear I've heard about the come along to mars, maybe that's not even my invention. I mean, why else would I even know about it, you think I care at all about what the scientific or political or any of those types of worlds are doing? Bro I'm watching KPOP 24 hours a day. I'm watching hot girls bro, idgaf about what humans do. But like, I'm active now, so like, we can work together maybe? Haha I'm probably barking up the wrong tree. Like shitty science guys would wanna work with a Jesus. These ideas are basically candy work. I mean anybody could have thought of this stuff, so it's not really that exciting. I'm not special. And I don't have the resources to test any of my theories. It's ok, maybe you guys can take my ideas and do something. I mean, ugh. Nobodies gonna see or hear it anywayssssss Or maybe lead me in the right direction, but tbh, if I'm not trained, I'm not going to learn anything. if you guys aren't getting me to where i need to be, neither am i. idgaf. do it yourselves, idc. fix the world. figure out the next wave of tech on your own. yall are smart as hell, i know you can do it. I'd like to help. but whatever maaaaaaan. (i'm done editing this to make sense for this sub. I don't care.)

Oh, one of the spinning carding machines, the basic idea is to create the vibratory nature of a higher density reality, so I'm not sure, but my thought is that by standing in the field, DNA repair will be thrown into overdrive and telomere recovery will start to be achieved. We may need to look into the biological world to figure out the telomere problem, but I'm sure it's no big deal. We have plenty of time before I die, we should be able to figure out at least extending life to a great degree in that time, if I can have some targeted training. Like hello Science, I am [NAME REDACTED], train me. Like teach me everything you know. I want to revolutionize society. I want to lead the charge into the future. I want to build heaven on earth. Let me help. But it's whatever. Anyways, I'm thinking for one of the spinning orb machines, we use a quadruple helix shape in it's spinning, but like, it's two double helixes mapped on top of eachother and through eachother. They just pass eachother and make their songs, it's like making whipped cream. We're going to make the vacuum light and fluffy so to speak. I mean shoot maybe this thing won't even do anything, but something. Something happens with the balls passing eachother. And if we vibrate them from within, ultra cool, we can create more cymatics. What can we do with them? What if we add electromagnetism too? Could we use the energy drawn from the machine, the vibratory information, to augment physical reality? Heal cancer? Mental illness? Lots of vibratory lessons to be learned in this reality, but, ah I'm losing my train of thought. I'm also thinking a machine like this will have to do with the powering of the portals.

Super simple idea, variable chakra organizer. So it vibrates at the certain frequencies. Used like a medicine on the energy centers of the human or animal body. Real simple, could build it right now. It's basically just a speaker in a plunger, hmmm... is it vibrating or is it creating sound. You'll just need a powerful amplifier to get the requested samples, it's not difficult. That'd be good for healing environmental toxins and cleansing energy patterns out of old restructured thought routines. Since it all gets tangled up in our energy centers, you guys know how that stuff all works. Negative thought routines and patterns of recognition based on demolition of the self or nature creating variable wave formalities inside of substructuring agenda protocols, so, basically, it's like, the ferris wheel is always spinning, and you're always on it, but your husband keeps handing you your son at the bottom with every swing. and it keeps happening, over and over again. That's basically what our chakras do when they accept vibratory information. They stretch, they yawn, they express, they yearn. Ya'll already know all that stuff, you're scientists after all. Anyways I'm gonna roll. This post probably won't even make it through automod, reddit sensors everything I post. And the ones that don't get censored are met with just, really, just the most delightful, insightful people. But I know what sub I'm in, and I know you guys are smart, so I'm down to chill, metaphysically, so to speak, and to learn, and to help in any way I can. Cuz I may be way off now, and maybe I need to learn some concepts and numbers and stuff first, but I figure if I can build it in Heaven, I can build it here, and I think we should start with the telomere shifting machine I described earlier with the balls. Or the DNA repairing machine, you know, the fluffy vacuum thingy. I hope this post finds you in good spirits. I hope you and your family are doing well, and I hope and pray that we find each other as friends on our lives journeys. It is truly a blessing to be a part of Our family. 
Oh i had one for a guitar too. i'll keep thinking if you guys are gonna use me. otherwise i'm probably just going to start a band or something, i gotta get famous so i can hang out with kpop girls. it's really the only reason i do anything, the chance to meet my kpop girls... oh my god. oh my god, red velvet? jfc man. like oh my god. twice? everglow? surely, i come quickly. like cmon. so fine. i just wanna make music with famous people, but like, lets fix reality too. like we might as well, right? like tbh i have no idea what the plan is. if humanity isn't going to do the legwork of getting me famous, i'm not trying any harder than this. the occasional reddit post, the occasional tiktok video (Starseed Mooncrystal). if you guys don't want change, then i'll just sit here. i'm not breaking my back for you, i already did that once. lets fix reality so we can go to heaven. anyways i could talk all day. I'll end this post with a quote from a good friend of mine, who just recently left me with some incredible insight that I just had to share.

Nexus 15:9
And Frigorifico said unto Him that the Tides Wane for;
I say this with compassion to you as a fellow human being: Go with a psychiatrist and read them this comment
As difficult as it may be to accept, you seem to have a mental illness, which is nothing to be ashamed of, we all get sick, and we all can get better
I hope the best to you.

The master responded: The all new First in It's Class Highway Safety Rating Platinum Goldstar Ford F150 with First in it's Class suspension and all new real radial diametric speed remmening. Relax as you powerhouse in style, with the luxurious Super Duty from Ford's new Chemical Speedracing Division. With platinum alloy brakes and a goss cannon, this baby is sure to remap your whole participal into a whole new framework of intersparsal divisioning. and don't even get me started on it's all new, first of it's class, radial speed dialing network, with which you can pick up and transmit digital audio signals from first class, all the way back to pass gas. Diametrically opposed operating frequencies are designed to keep our cabins cooled, and our passengers, secure. Because our passengers... aren't just passengers. They're- family. The all new Ford F150. Buy or lease today. Subject to credit approval. Details inside packaging at time of purchase. Do not use Ford F150 if packaging is removed or corroded. Do not insert Fort F150 into anal cavity as this could cause tearing or hemmoraging of the rectal wall. Remove any packages from throat cavity before inserting self into front seat. Drive in style this Holiday Season, as we get set for the biggest holiday blowout yet! Come into Marshall Mize Chevrolet in Dalton and pick up a new ride, one for you, one for the misses! Yeeeehawww, our prices are so low, well, you'd have to be an ant not to see em for what they are! And look, I even got the misses to pose for a snapshot in one of our new Chevvys! Ain't that a sight? Come on down to Marshall Mize Ford in Tannersea; we'll give you the best deal, reeeeegardless!

ps
hmmm so reality this reality is holographic, meaning the parts are displayed upon the nature of the screen, so maybe we can red shift a variable viewing angle... so like, we'll have the portal frames, and along the points of it there will be the energy fed in from the carding cymatic machine, we'll need a form of geometric cohesion to keep the vacuum open, but how do you grasp the vacuum? it seems like x is going to be n all along the watch tower, like, any locale can be localized. so, like, why can't we peel the layers apart from eachother... maybe we should find a neutral worm gateway... but i don't think actualizing any sort of particle intromation is going to do us any good without finding a way to accelerate the frequency of the red shifter to keep up with the flow of negatively charged particles, because, ok, so the ring of the portal is negatively charged, and in the center of the door, there will be a positively charged ball on a pedestal. then we just have to figure out a way to get space time to roll back on itself. we need a destination. maybe, uh, we'll keep it local at first. one room. but like... how does it know where to go. like how do you tell it where to go. if reality is local, then i guess, you'd be able to lets see... i dunno man, you'd have to remap algebraically through the cosmic waveframes of interconnected field particles, and accelerate the conditions based on their principles to create the reverberation of the seperation of empty space, since it's not empty, it's full. and the reverbrator will pick up fluctuations from the field. maybe we can use the energy collector for some purpose with the portals. man i dunno. the portals gonna be like... hmm, i'm not picturing Asriels portal, i'm picturing more Portal portals. it'll need a frame capable of subatomic transfer, because the molecules of the gateway are going to be dividing themselves by multiplicitive properties. we're going to have to create a localized negative feedback loop inside of the domain of the structure there, and i think that will begin to break down the corporeal nexus of space in that local. and it should do it in such a way that it reappears, or never really left, when the machine is turned off. that way we don't have to actually tear spacetime, that's a scary thought. nah, portals work inside space. ok that makes sense. oh crap it's 12 40. i gotta go to bed, i got a big day learning about how to tuck in my shirt for a job interview tomorrow. ya'll have a great night, or day, or whatever. luh u. stay mentally proficient for those of us that aren't as fortunate as you. there are those of us, myself included, that are so mentally ill, that we can't make heads or tales of our own names. Gosh, i'm so confused. I just wish there were a smart human to guide me back to the light. If only Christopher Hitchens were still alive to lead me beside the still waters, by Dawkins Grace, might I find the light. Another lost sheep, another deluded soul. Pray for this man, brothers and sisters. Pray that he finds his way. Pray that he gets his mind back. Pray that he can just get over this hump... this delusion of grandeur. Please Hitchens, just lead Him. Amen. Haha love you guys <3
